So we last left off connecting our application with redux using re-act redux.
And what we're going to do in this screencast is at the re-act router and move our new to do form outside
of the To Do List component.
So what we're going to do first is make sure that we install re-act router.
So let's stop the server.
We're going to NPM install re-act router and we're going to be using this for a little bit of client
side routing and we're going to have to make sure that we first set this up inside of our index that
Jess will give us a second to load.
Make sure you have this dependency.
Otherwise none of this stuff that we're going to do is going to work.
So this looks good.
Let's go NPM start so we can keep this up and running and then we'll go and edit this code in sublime.
So it just as a quick recap what we can do here we can eat weekends sleep and when there's loads.
Let's try this again.
We can eat we can sleep and we can delete these to use.
This is all being connected with react and read books.
So in sublime The first thing you want to go to is our index.
Yes.
And what we need to do here is bring in re-act router.
So what we're going to do is import the browser from re-act router.
And this is the router that we're going to be using.
This allows us to fall back nicely and not have that hash in our YOU ARE know the question you may be
asking is how do we fit browser router and provider together.
And the answer is you always put the browser router inside of your provider so provider is the top level
component that wraps browser router which wraps our application.
So let's head over to our app Jay s and add a little bit of navigation in this application.
What we're going to do first is import a few things from Riak Rotterdam.
We're going to import the link route and redirect this way when we go to the route route.
We can simply redirect to our route for Slash to use.
We're going to take a couple of routes for Slash Fidus and slash traduce slash new and that'll be the
forum that renders that new to do.
So inside of here instead of rendering the To Do List component let's render a couple of links on make
a paragraph tag it with a link tag.
This is how we make an anchor tag with reac Rotterdam and we pass in the prop of two.
This is going to go to slash to deuce and here will say See my to do list will also make another link
but this one is going to be for to use slash and you can hear will say and to do what we want to also
specify.
Here are some routes.
So we're going to use that route component.
And inside we can make sure this is a self-closing Tad will give this a path of Slash to use.
And when we go to slash to do is render a component by the name of to do list.
And notice here that we're importing to do list.
So that looks good but we also want is another route and here will say if you go exactly to slash What
do we want to do.
Well let's render a component.
And the reason why we want to do this render is so that we can redirect.
Right off the bat.
So we are going to run a function which redirects will use that redirect component.
We're going to redirect but where are we redirecting to we'll simply redirect to slash to use.
So we'll see that and make sure that our syntax is proper.
So just to recap what we've done here we brought in a link which is simply our way of making anchor
tanks with re-act router.
We brought in the router component so we can add some routes to our application and we brought in some
redirecting so that if you go to this path slash it will redirect to slash to use.
And when you go to slash to do it we render the To Do List component.
So this looks like all the work we need to do in our app Jap's inside of our To Do List.
We're going to need to do a bit more work.
So we're really not going to do much with redux right now we're simply just going to put Riak router
in this application and see how it works alongside redux.
So I'll close these two and we'll get it to do list.
Now what's interesting about to do list is we first want to take out all of this logic related to adding
a new to do.
So in order to make that happen we're actually going to make a new component that we'll call new to
do form dodginess and inside of here we're going to bring in a lot of that logic that we had before
in our to do list.
We're going to start importing react and the structure component from react and then we're going to
make sure we export a default class of new to do a form and it extends component.
Now inside of here what are we going to do.
We're going to take a lot of the logic that we have from our To Do List.
We're going to start by simply taking this forum right here and putting it inside of a render method
in here.
So we're going to render inside we're going to return.
And here we're going to simply put in that entire form and inside this form we're going to have a handle
submit.
So we're going to have to move quite a few of these things.
We're also going to need some kind of constructor in our constructor we're going to pass in some props.
We're going to call super on those props and then we're going to take some of these events listeners
that we had in the parent component.
What are those event listeners that we want to take.
Well we're going to want handle submit and handle change as well as some state because remember in this
form we're going to be changing some information.
So what else do we want if we're going to get a handle submit and handle change well let's go grab those
as well so we can get a handle submit.
And we're going to get handled change and we can actually move that away from our To Do List component.
So if we look here we're simply going to have handle submit and handle change.
We'll move that to our new to do forum.
So what we're doing here is simply isolating the new to do form in it's own component.
We're going to change some more things in the To Do list but for now they should be OK.
So what do we want to make sure we have we have a handle submit handle change we want to make sure that
we have the text.
And when you're typing that gets changed in our state.
What we want to do though is not actually call add to do inside of this new to do for him I don't want
to connect the new to do for him to redux.
I just wanted to do list to be connected to redux.
We call that a container.
So what we're going to do here as well is pass in another prop we're going to take out this right here.
It's right here we're going to have any prop called Ad to do better yet let's just call this handle
and inside if you're going to make a function call handle add and all that handle ad is going to do
is simply accept some kind of value.
So we'll pass in some kind of value and all we're going to do here is call this not props that add to
do remember this right here is simply a function that dispatches in action.
So we're going to call Val with whatever we pass on.
What else do we need to change.
Well let's go back to our new to do him and make sure that it looks good instead of calling this that
prompts that add to do we are going to make sure that we pass down a prop and we can call this something
like handle submit and inside of this stop props that handle submit we'll pass that in we'll reset and
finally we'll make sure that we redirect.
So this stuff props that history up.
Where is this coming from.
This is going to come from the re-act robber.
We have to make sure that using the re-act router we actually render this new to do form.
So there are a lot of moving parts here but what we're trying to do is isolate the logic from our to
do list into our new to do form.
So back in our to do list how are we going to render that specific new to do form.
Well we're going to change a couple of things.
Let's get this debugger added here.
And what we'll do is simply keep this seem to Dewes with removed to do the task involved this is going
to stay exactly the same.
But what the return is going to be a little bit different.
We're going to return a couple of things.
First we're going to need to import route from re-act Rotterdam because we need a route not only for
our dues but also for the new to do for them.
So we'll set up a couple of routes we'll simply say let's make a route and make sure this div wraps
everything and inside of here this is going to be an exact path for Slash to use.
And when that happens we are going to render a component.
What component are we going to render.
Well very simply it's going to be a div with these to do.
So all we're gonna say is that whenever we go to this path slashed dues we're going to render a div
with all of those to use make sure we get that opening div and give that closing div as well towards
the end.
So all we're doing here is rendering those to use inside of that list.
We're simply going to print out all the dues that we have.
But what do we want to do here in return as well.
What we want to make sure everything is wrapped in a div because we need another route as well.
What does that other route that we need.
We need another route that goes to to do's slash.
So here once again this is self-closing.
We're going to make a route that goes to slash to do's slash new and when you go to slash to do slash
new We're going to render some component component.
Are we going to render what we're going to pass in some kind of props.
Why do we want these props.
Remember we want to use the reactive router in this component.
We want to be able to get access to history on this that props.
So we're going to render it the new to do form.
We're going to pass in all of these props and we'll pass in another prop called handle submit and it's
going to be whatever this handle ad does.
So there are a lot of moving parts here.
We want to make sure as well that we pass in the method binding which it looks like we've done correctly.
So there could be some mistakes here.
But what I really just want to make sure that we do is first ensure that we assume correct syntax.
So let's say this looks like we have an issue right here in our new to do form we have to make sure
that this is you to do form closes as well.
So what we've done is first removed our new to do form from inside of here and once again we're not
going to get very far if we don't import that new to do form.
So let's make sure as well we import new to do form we take a quick look in the browser and see what's
happening here.
It looks like we're not getting much from render inside of our To Do list.
So if we take a look at our render method we want to make sure we return all this information right
here.
Otherwise we're not going to get very far.
Let's go take a look here.
We should be able to see do's and at our tattoos looks like there's some kind of semi-colon just hanging
out there.
Let's make sure we get that.
So if we are to do this we shouldn't see much and if we add it to do we should be able to eat.
We should be able to jump between adding it to do and seeing our Judis go back to add and go back to
see we still see the one that we've added.
Let's go to.
Let's go back to see my to do is added to do if we ever go back to the route route it's going to redirect
us right away to to do is we're going to lose the to do as we have because everything is in memory.
But it looks like right now you can eat.
And right after we submit this we redirect back to slash tidiest.
So let's go back and go through what we've done in this application.
The first thing we did is bring in re-act router.
Notice that when using Riak router and redux we wrap browser router with provider so provider always
comes first.
That's the reactor redux component.
We then pass in browser router and then finally our app component.
So let's go take a look at this app component inside of here we simply have a couple of links to to
do's and to to Doo's slash knew what we're doing here is simply saying when you go to slash should use
show the to do list component.
And when you go to this path right here which is slash redirect to slash to Duse there are some things
you can take out here we may not need all of these routes but this should get us what we need so far
inside of our to do list component.
What we did is we completely removed our to do form from this list.
We've isolated that component to be its own component which is always nice.
That form was a bit unnecessary to be placed inside of the to do list.
So it's good that we made it's own component inside of the to do list.
This is the component that we connect to redux.
We're going to grab some read ex-state.
We're then going to render a couple routes.
We're going to render the to do's component.
If we're at this specific route and we're going to add a new route for to do slash new.
And when you go to to do slash new We're going to render the new to do form with all of these prompts.
Why do we bring in all of these props.
Because inside of our new to do form we want to be able to redirect.
So this comes from the prop's that we passed down with reactor power.
So this will allow us to redirect.
We could use another component called with router to do that but this is a much nicer way to handle
it inside of our need to do for.
We have a lot of similar code.
We're simply going to listen for a change for us at MIT.
We're going to reset for values and all we've added really are these two lines right here instead of
directly connecting this component to redux and making it what we call a container.
We're just going to pass down a prop from to do list and inside of to do list that's where we're going
to do our redux manipulation.
So in this application we've added Briac router.
We now have redox and react and the re-act router to connect everything together.
So we build a single page application with a little bit of routing.
We're going to do in the next video is actually shift and build a very simple backend.
We're going to create a node application that allows us to add to use to get our to do's and to delete
Tutu's.
So we're going to move completely away from some react and redux.
We're going to shift to building a simple back end and then have a last spring cast.
We're going to put it all together and introduce a way to write asynchronous actions.
I'll see you in the next week.